 introduce yourself---------------------


First of all, thank you for giving me this opportunity to introduce myself.
My name is Himanshu Dev. 
Basically I am from firozabad uttar pradesh.
If I Talk About my education, I have done BCA with Computer Science stream from 
DR.BHIMRAO AMBEDKAR UNIVERSITY, 
AGRA, in the year of 2022.
I have excellent interpersonal skills, and I'm passionate about
 relationship-building and customer service.
My strength is self-confidence, positive attitude, hard work.
My hobbies are: Playing Cricket,Listening to music.
Now I am looking for a chance to apply my skills and 
my creative problem-solving skills at an innovative company like yours.
I have applied for this vacancy because it is an excellent match for my 
skills and experience. This role is exactly the sort of role I am currently targeting, 
and I am confident I will be able to make a major contribution.


If I talk about Gurkul model, I got to learn a lot from there.
i got to learn something from gurukul
the first is how do we want to talk to someone
and how do we talk to the student or talk to their parents
or how to deal with customers



Why do you want to do sales-----------------------


I'm interested in sales because I have great interpersonal skills and 
I'm passionate about providing excellent customer service.
Sales is about connecting people with products or services that 
can solve their problems or fulfill their needs.
 It's a way to build relationships, communicate value, and help others make informed decisions. 


Please talk about your best experience of college life------------------------


कॉलेज लाइफ में पढ़ाई के साथ-साथ मैंने और मेरे दोस्तों ने और भी कई चीजों का लुत्फ उठाया।
 हमने बहुत सी जगहों की यात्रा की, नए अनुभव हुए और बहुत सी नई चीजें सीखीं।
हमारे कॉलेज की कैंटीन मेरे कॉलेज जीवन में एक उल्लेखनीय जगह थी क्योंकि जब भी हमें समय मिलता था,
 हम कैंटीन में चिल करते थे।

What is your preferred role location and why is it your preferred location

मुझे स्थानांतरित करने में खुशी होगी, और मैं गुड़गांव में रहना पसंद करूंगा, जो देश के उत्तरी भाग में है। मुझे यह जगह पसंद है क्योंकि यह एक खूबसूरत शहर है